Nintendo Switch Press Event Photos
Jan. 13, 2017
New York City


NintendoSwitch_PressEvent_Photo_01
NEW YORK - JAN 13: In this photo provided by Nintendo of America, Nintendo of America President and COO Reggie Fils-Aime debuts the groundbreaking Nintendo Switch video game system at a press event in New York on Jan. 13, 2017. Launching March 3, 2017,  Nintendo Switch combines the power of a home console with the mobility of a handheld. It's a new era in gaming that delivers entirely new ways to play wherever and whenever people want. (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for Nintendo of America)


NintendoSwitch_PressEvent_Photo_02
NEW YORK - JAN 13: In this photo provided by Nintendo of America, a guest poses for photos in the Super Mario Odyssey photo booth during a press event in New York on Jan. 13, 2017. Launching March 3, 2017, the Nintendo Switch video game system combines the power of a home console with the mobility of a handheld. It's a new era in gaming that delivers entirely new ways to play wherever and whenever people want. (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for Nintendo of America)


NintendoSwitch_PressEvent_Photo_03
NEW YORK - JAN 13: In this photo provided by Nintendo of America, a guest enjoys playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on the groundbreaking new Nintendo Switch video game system at a special preview event in New York on Jan. 13, 2017. Launching March 3, 2017, Nintendo Switch combines the power of a home console with the mobility of a handheld. It's a new era in gaming that delivers entirely new ways to play wherever and whenever people want. (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for Nintendo of America)


NintendoSwitch_PressEvent_Photo_04
NEW YORK - JAN 13: In this photo provided by Nintendo of America, a guest enjoys playing Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on the groundbreaking new Nintendo Switch video game system at a special preview event in New York on Jan. 13, 2017. Launching March 3, 2017, Nintendo Switch combines the power of a home console with the mobility of a handheld. It's a new era in gaming that delivers entirely new ways to play wherever and whenever people want.  (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for Nintendo of America)


NintendoSwitch_PressEvent_Photo_05
NEW YORK - JAN 13: In this photo provided by Nintendo of America, a guest enjoys playing Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on the groundbreaking new Nintendo Switch video game system at a special preview event in New York on Jan. 13, 2017. Launching March 3, 2017, Nintendo Switch combines the power of a home console with the mobility of a handheld. It's a new era in gaming that delivers entirely new ways to play wherever and whenever people want.  (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for Nintendo of America)
